Welcome to another course module, we learned a lot about components thus far and a lot about other things
too, how to output data, how to react to user events. Now I want to bring all these pieces together and
touch on a topic, kind of a special thing on web pages
you'll often use, forms.
We already used a tiny form in the last project where we already had a text area where the user could
enter a quote. Now handling forms is actually made very easy with vuejs as you will learn throughout this module
but in this module, I want to show you how to basically fetch values from input fields, how to work with
them, how to use different form controls like radio buttons and checkboxes and also how to build your
own form control with your own component working as a form control.
Well let's dive into that and start with the very basics.